h1. License

Textseed: organic writing - No one is as smart as all of us

Copyright (C) 2009 Klaus Breyer 

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


h1. What is Textseed?

Textseed is a more organic way to write your documents! Let your documents and thoughts grow through other's people's contributions, just as flowers grow when receiving sun and water.
In the end you won't get what you expected– but more often than not will you get something that is much more likely to be perfect. Because: No one is as smart as all of us!

h1. Why use Textseed?

Because it's fun to use! It's free! And compared to usual version controlled systems you are able to keep track of everything at once.
Textseed is a service for friends and partners who want to work on one single document for school or business.
It's also a tool for sharing your thoughts and texts with others. Because everybody can participate it can help getting new inspiration by letting the document grow in an more organic way.
You can use a set of markup item to style your document. Additionally you can choose whether you want your document to be private or public.

h1. How does it work?

Every user gets a unique color for the whole document. Words are written in the respective user's color. Added and deleted words are emphasized in a special way.


